[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: By now we have this
really cool thing where we can like bundle
this and we have our that like a giant
file that has the web pack on time and
stuff.
So what we're gonna do now is
is actually minify that so
that it's ready for
delivery to production.
So like we don't have to
actually add this as part of our
existing grunt step,
or something like that.
Webpack can take care of this for us.
So what we're gonna do,
is we have a build dev.
We're actually gonna just create
a build script, right here.
And I'm going to just say webpack -p and
that is short for production.
But basically what it's doing it's an
alias to a couple other command line flags
that like optimize, minimize and
a couple other things.
And what this is going to do is it's gonna
say okay Webpack you are in minimize mode.
And so I like any loaders that care about
that we don't have any loads right now but
any loads that that would care about that.
Might behave a little differently.
And plugins likewise.
But this is going to say okay,
minimize everything, optimize it,
do all that all that magic stuff
that Webpack is going to do for us.
So that the result is much smaller.
So if you run that npm run build.
And what you're gonna get in your
disk directory is a bundle that
looks much smaller.
And you could potentially
ship that to production.
But I'm going to show you why
you might not want to right now.
Any questions about that should
be fairly straight forward and
here's another script.
So if we go ahead and
start let's say that we're on our CDN now
we're serving this optimized bundle and
we refresh our page.
Now let's say I'm gonna just
I don't care about the app.
Let's say that we're in production now and
like sweet, we have webpack,
this is gonna be awesome.
I'm going to debug something
in my bundle JS file,
wait like no source maps, so
like good luck with life.
You can pretty print it but
yeah, have fun with that, so
and especially as the app grow.
So we're gonna add source maps
in our Webpack config and
there are a couple of options.
The first one that we're
going to use is called eval.
So you might think that I'm about
to type a source map right.
That's not what I'm about to type.
It's actually called devtool
please don't ask me why.
Yeah, but the devtool is going to be eval.
>> Kent C Dodds: So let's go ahead and
we'll come back to the production version
of source maps here in a little bit.
But let's go back to npm run dev and
see what this devtool's gonna do for us.
So here we'll get rid of that,
get rid of that.
There's a here in our sources tab.
We're going to have now a webpack://
that is not a protocol.
That's just this source maps for
our web back stuff so
inside if you will find bootstrap.
And you can also find out
the normal way bootstrap.
But it's like pretty much not modified it
just has this for which can be helpful.
And it has our code in it.
And so this is a lot easier
to debug you can refresh and
you have your breakpoint there.
And you can get the same
experience with production.
So if we say an npm run build and
then we and then npm start.
>> Kent C Dodds: We'll refresh and
we have bootstrap here as well.
So then we refresh we can hit a break
point we can step over code all that stuff
but that actual bundle file itself
well it's formatted now but.
The bundle is minified
the problem though is
that if we look at this bundle we have
all the source maps in line in the file.
We're sending all the source maps to
the users of our app don't wanna do that.
And so there are a couple reasons that
we wanna use eval in the first place
eval is really, really fast to generate.
So really fast for a webpack to build it's
also really fast for webpack to rebuild.
But you're shipping source
maps to customers, that's not
what you want to do that that will
slow down your load time for your app.
And so what we're going to do
is we need to somehow determine
in this function when we're
generating our webpack config.
We need to determine whether
we're in production mode or
if we're in development mode.
And if we're in development
then we'll use eval,
if we're in production then we'll use
this one which is called source map.
>> Kent C Dodds: So if we run the build
this time we're going to see that in
our disk directory we see bundle J.S.
and then bundle jazz map.
So here we'll see.
Now it's not quite so big.
And it has this mapping to our source map.
And so now the only thing's that's
getting shipped to our customers
is our actual code and
then the URL to our source maps.
And this is like the most common way that
people do source maps for production.
So any questions about how that's working?
>> Student: Those source maps don't
get loaded unless they open up the dev
tools correct?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
thanks for bringing that up.
Yeah, so.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so like the browser
one actually open load those source maps
and tell you open dev tools.
So if I, let's npm search.
I refresh here and
then I open up my dev tools.
I'm going to look at my network.
Well, I actually can't show you how that
works because like my dev tools are open.
But yeah, it loads up it loads up once
a open mind at tools which most of your
customers want to do and if they do then
maybe they want to look at your code.
I don't know.
How fun with that.
[LAUGH]